Release notes for v0.73.0 [DOCS-1688][DOCS-1512] (#1580)
wandb/docs: content/en/ref/release-notes/releases/0.73.md

## Fixes

- Improved the smoothness and accuracy of [dragging and dropping panels]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#move-a-panel" >}}) within a section and between sections.
- In [full screen panel view]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#view-a-panel-in-full-screen-mode" >}}), the **Esc** key now returns you to the workspace.
- Fixed a bug that could cause a panel in a workspace to zoom unexpectedly after returning from full screen.
- In [plot settings]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/line-plot/#edit-line-plot-settings" >}}), chart and legend settings have been consolidated to a single tab.
- Fixed a bug where panel legends were ordered incorrectly after polling updates.
- Improved the formatting of panels with long exponential Y-axis values and those with a large number of significant digits.
- [Overlays for panels]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/media/#overlays" >}}) without matching runs are now hidden.

> - Clicking on a run's tag now correctly filters by the tag.

Reviewer: Not sure what this means. Clicking, adding a tag on the UI doesn't automatically filter runs.

Author: It does for me. I tagged some runs in https://wandb.ai/wandb/mattproj/table?nw=nwusermattlinville. Then if I click on `testtag` on one of the rows, it sets a filter. I actually discovered a bug with it where it will set the same filter over and over.

> - Clicking on a run's tag now correctly filters by the tag.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where clicking on a run's tag in a workspace's **Runs** tab or **Runs** list did not filter by the tag.
```
Does this help?

---
title: "0.73.x"
date: 2025-09-02

> description: "September 2, 2025"

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2025-09-03
description: "September 3, 2025"
```
Update date

---

> W&B v0.73 marks a significant milestone in the migration to W&B Registry from team-level Model Registry; most organizations will be migrated automatically during the upgrade. UI improvements include colorblind-safe run color palettes, continuous color options metric-based run coloring, and smoother panel reorganization. This release includes authentication with service principals for BYOB authentication with CoreWeave AI Object Storage service principals, better console log handling, and more.

Reviewer 2: I'm reading this as a new user, so the first part about the migration is a little vague to me. What is the milestone exactly? Does the release of this version actually migrate people? Or is this a continuous, coordinated migration that we're doing over time, regardless of version?

I feel like we could more plainly state that we're continuing to migrate users from Model Registry to W&B Registry, something like, "W&B v0.73 continues to automatically migrate teams(?) from the team-level Model Registry to W&B Registry."

Author: It's continuous over time beginning in 0.70: https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/release-notes/0.70/ In Features below, we remind about what phase we are at now.

> W&B v0.73 marks a significant milestone in the migration to W&B Registry from team-level Model Registry; most organizations will be migrated automatically during the upgrade. UI improvements include colorblind-safe run color palettes, continuous color options metric-based run coloring, and smoother panel reorganization. This release includes authentication with service principals for BYOB authentication with CoreWeave AI Object Storage service principals, better console log handling, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
W&B v0.73 marks a significant milestone in the migration to W&B Registry from team-level Model Registry; most organizations will be migrated automatically during the upgrade. UI improvements include colorblind-safe run color palettes, continuous color options metric-based run coloring, and smoother panel reorganization. This release also provides service principal authentication for BYOB (Bring Your Own Bucket) setups with CoreWeave AI Object Storage, along with improved console log handling and additional enhancements.
```
The auth stuff was a little rough to me, does this edit make sense?

Author: Yes, I like it. Thank you!

<!--more-->

## Support and end of life
<ul>

>   <li>W&B Server v0.58 and below reached end of life on September 2, 2025.</li>

Author: ```suggestion
  <li>W&B Server v0.58 and below reached end of life on September 3, 2025.</li>
```

>   <li>W&B Server v0.60 is scheduled to reach end of life on September 30, 2025.</li>

Author: ```suggestion
  <li>W&B Server v0.60 is scheduled to reach end of life in late September 2025.</li>
```
Fuzz the future date a little

</ul><!-- This is in HTML to fix the admonition included below showing up as a child of the second item -->

{{% readfile "/_includes/release-notes-support-eol-reminder.md" %}}

## Upcoming changes

> - In an upcoming release, we will align multi-run and single-run workspace views, so when you drill into a single run, you'll see the same layout and configuration of panels as you've configured for the multi-run view, including any custom charts, layouts, and settings. The goal is help you stay in context and avoid re-work around configuring your views. However, this will remove the ability to customize unique single-run views, isolated from the rest of the workspace. Reach out to your W&B team or [support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for any questions about the migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In an upcoming release, we will align multi-run and single-run workspace views, so when you drill into a single run, you'll see the same layout and configuration of panels as you've configured for the multi-run view, including any custom charts, layouts, and settings. The goal is to help you stay in context and avoid rework around configuring your views. However, this will remove the ability to customize unique single-run views, isolated from the rest of the workspace. Contact your W&B team or [Support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for any questions about the migration.
```
I try to avoid colloquialisms like "reach out" because not everyone reading this may be a native English speaker.

Also, what's the difference between contacting your W&B team and W&B Support? I guess I'm asking if the team part is necessary.

Super minor knit that you're totally free to ignore, but I like to capitalize "Support" when referring to our Support teams because I feel like they deserve a proper noun. They work hard and deserve to be an institution lol 😅

Author: I agree with you in general, but since this announcement has been in several releases now, I would like to leave it alone. We have tended to lowercase support, so if we want to change it, we should do it in a refactor. :)

- Over the next several releases, we will continue migrating existing team-level Model Registry to W&B Registry. For details and a reminder about the timeline, see the [W&B Registry GA announcement]({{< relref "#registry_ga_announcement" >}}) below.

## Features

- <a id="registry_ga_announcement"></a>We're migrating existing team-level Model Registry to W&B Registry in stages over the next several releases. **No action is needed on your end; W&B will automatically copy Model Registry assets for each team to a corresponding automatically-created team-level private registry.** Existing references to model collections in your old team-level Model Registry will still work.
    1. Server v0.73 (this release) includes an opt-out environment variable that will migrate the team's Model Registry automatically during the upgrade. Migration takes between 5 and 30 minutes for most organizations. During the migration, linking artifacts to either the old Model Registry or the new Registry will fail with an error. **Artifact logging and retrieval will not be affected**.
    2. In Server v0.74 (end of September), we will remove the opt-out flag and migration will happen during the upgrade.

>     We're optimizing for a seamless, minimally-inconveniencing upgrade to a powerful new experience. Reach out to your W&B for any questions about the migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We're optimizing for a seamless upgrade to a powerful new experience. Contact your W&B account team or [support]{mailto:support@wandb.ai) if you have any questions about the migration.
```
More confident 😄

- Added a copy button to the [Run Logs console page]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/console-logs/" >}}) and improved paste behavior.
- W&B now offers two new colorblind-safe color palettes for runs. Set these in the **Runs** section of the [Workspace settings]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/cascade-settings/#workspace-settings" >}}).
- When [coloring runs by metrics or numeric configs]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/color-code-runs/" >}}), you can now choose from five new continuous color palettes.
- During a [W&B run]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/" >}}), [CoreWeave Mission Control](https://www.coreweave.com/mission-control) monitors your compute infrastructure. This integration is now available on Dedicated Cloud.
- BYOB with CoreWeave AI Object Storage now supports authentication with service principals in Multi-tenant Cloud, Dedicated Cloud, and Self-Managed deployments. This helps you to avoid using static credentials in your deployment. Learn more at [Bring your own bucket (BYOB)]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector/" >}}).

> ### Weave

Author: Late-breaking Weave feature notes to review
